README.md, before:

# KAO
## Console Help
```bash
usage: __main__.py [-h] [-l LINKS [LINKS ...]] [-f | --force | --no-force] [-s | --support | --no-support]

Downloader of manwha or manga scans

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -l LINKS [LINKS ...], --links LINKS [LINKS ...]
                        Give chapters or series links
  -k, --keep-img, --no-keep-img
                        If you want keep all images (default: False)
  -f, --force, --no-force
                        Download again the scan (default: False)
  -s, --support, --no-support
                        Said supported websites (default: False)
```

## Supported Sites
> last update 2022.02.16
* Manga18.club
* Manhuascan
* ReaperScans
* Webtoon

> *information*: you can download again a same scan with force parameter

## Personal folders
* update 2022.08.07  
Fix image conversion to pdf. Now we ensure image format.   
* 
* update 2022.04.12  
We now have the possibility to convert downloaded pictures to pdf!

### Example 1: Folder with image
example:
```
/path/to/manga/chap-01
 |_ 01.png
 |_ 02.png
 |_ 03.jpg
```

execute the next line `py __main__.py -l /path/to/manga/chap-01`, it will create inside the same folder a new pdf file with the parent folder name -> `chap-01.pdf`

### Example 2: Folder with subfolders 
We can also give a path to a folder containing several folders:
example:
```
/path/to/manga/
  |_ chap-01/
     |_ 01.png
     |_ 02.png
     |_ 03.jpg
  |_ chap-02/
     |_ 01.jpg
     |_ 02.jpg
     |_ 03.jpg
  |_ chap-03/
     |_ 01.jpg
     |_ 02.jpg
     |_ 03.jpg
```

The script will create a pdf inside each sub-folders
  
### Errors messages
After the next log => `[Info][PDF] creating`    
If you have the following message :   
> Image contains an alpha channel which will be stored as a separate soft mask (/SMask) image in PDF.

Retry with the following command:  
  `py __main__.py -kl /path/to/manga/chap-01`

But if the problem persists...  
One of your images has a special property... if you still want convert to PDF, you have to convert your picture to remove the mask.
(example jpg to jpg... yes 😂)    
[image converter online](https://convertio.co/image-converter/)

Commit message:

add move pdf to root of the downloads folder

README.md, after:

# KAO
## Console Help
```bash
usage: __main__.py [-h] [-l LINKS [LINKS ...]] [-f | --force | --no-force] [-s | --support | --no-support]

Downloader of manwha or manga scans

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -l LINKS [LINKS ...], --links LINKS [LINKS ...]
                        Give chapters or series links
  -k, --keep-img, --no-keep-img
                        If you want keep all images (default: False)
  -f, --force, --no-force
                        Download again the scan (default: False)                 
  -p, --pdf, --no-pdf   Move all pdf files to pdf folder (folder will be created if not exists at the root of the downloads folder) (default: False)
  -s, --support, --no-support
                        Said supported websites (default: False)
```

## Supported Sites
> last update 2022.02.16
* Manga18.club
* Manhuascan
* ReaperScans
* Webtoon

> *information*: you can download again a same scan with force parameter
## Group all PDF in one directory
* update 2022.08.07
When you use the property --pdf, all pdf files will be moved to a folder named pdf in downloads folder.

Example:
```
/path/to/manga/chap-01
 |_ chap-01.pdf
/path/to/manga/chap-02
 |_ chap-02.pdf
/path/to/manga2/chap-01
 |_ chap-01.pdf
```

Result:
```
/downloads/pdf/manga
 |_ chap-01.pdf
 |_ chap-02.pdf
/downloads/pdf/manga2
 |_ chap-01.pdf
```

## Personal folders
* update 2022.08.07  
Fix image conversion to pdf. Now we ensure image format.
* update 2022.04.12  
We now have the possibility to convert downloaded pictures to pdf!

### Example 1: Folder with image
example:
```
/path/to/manga/chap-01
 |_ 01.png
 |_ 02.png
 |_ 03.jpg
```

execute the next line `py __main__.py -l /path/to/manga/chap-01`, it will create inside the same folder a new pdf file with the parent folder name -> `chap-01.pdf`

### Example 2: Folder with subfolders 
We can also give a path to a folder containing several folders:
example:
```
/path/to/manga/
  |_ chap-01/
     |_ 01.png
     |_ 02.png
     |_ 03.jpg
  |_ chap-02/
     |_ 01.jpg
     |_ 02.jpg
     |_ 03.jpg
  |_ chap-03/
     |_ 01.jpg
     |_ 02.jpg
     |_ 03.jpg
```

The script will create a pdf inside each sub-folders
  
### Errors messages
After the next log => `[Info][PDF] creating`    
If you have the following message :   
> Image contains an alpha channel which will be stored as a separate soft mask (/SMask) image in PDF.

Retry with the following command:  
  `py __main__.py -kl /path/to/manga/chap-01`

But if the problem persists...  
One of your images has a special property... if you still want convert to PDF, you have to convert your picture to remove the mask.
(example jpg to jpg... yes 😂)    
[image converter online](https://convertio.co/image-converter/)
